Quelle: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT210060
Device setup
Access to the following hosts might be required when setting up your device, or when installing, updating, or restoring the operating system.
Hosts
albert.apple.com
captive.apple.com
gs.apple.com
humb.apple.com
static.ips.apple.com
sq-device.apple.com
tbsc.apple.com
time-ios.apple.com
time.apple.com
time-macos.apple.com

Device Management
Network access to the following hosts might be required for devices enrolled in Mobile Device Management (MDM).
Hosts
*.push.apple.com
deviceenrollment.apple.com
deviceservices-external.apple.com
gdmf.apple.com
identity.apple.com
iprofiles.apple.com
mdmenrollment.apple.com
setup.icloud.com
vpp.itunes.apple.com

Apple School Manager and Apple Business Manager
Network access to the following hosts as well as the hosts in the App Store section is required for full functionality of Apple School Manager and Apple Business Manager.
Hosts
*.business.apple.com
*.school.apple.com
upload.appleschoolcontent.com
ws-ee-maidsvc.icloud.com

Apple Business Essentials device management
Network access to the following hosts is required for full functionality of Apple Business Essentials device management.
Hosts
axm-adm-enroll.apple.com
axm-adm-mdm.apple.com
axm-adm-scep.apple.com
axm-app.apple.com

Software updates
Make sure you can access the following ports for updating macOS, apps from the Mac App Store, and for using content caching.
macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and tvOS
Network access to the following hostnames is required for installing, restoring, and updating macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, and tvOS.
Hosts
appldnld.apple.com
configuration.apple.com
gdmf.apple.com
gg.apple.com
gnf-mdn.apple.com
gnf-mr.apple.com
gs.apple.com
ig.apple.com
mesu.apple.com
ns.itunes.apple.com
oscdn.apple.com
osrecovery.apple.com
skl.apple.com
swcdn.apple.com
swdist.apple.com
swdownload.apple.com
swscan.apple.com
updates-http.cdn-apple.com
updates.cdn-apple.com
xp.apple.com

App Store
Access to the following hosts might be required for updating apps.
Hosts
*.itunes.apple.com
*.apps.apple.com
*.mzstatic.com
itunes.apple.com
ppq.apple.com

Carrier updates
Cellular devices must be able to connect to the following hosts to install carrier bundle updates.
Hosts
appldnld.apple.com
appldnld.apple.com.edgesuite.net
itunes.com
itunes.apple.com
updates-http.cdn-apple.com
updates.cdn-apple.com



Content caching
A Mac that provides content caching must be able to connect to the following hosts, as well as the hosts listed in this document that provide Apple content such as software updates, apps, and additional content.
Hosts
lcdn-registration.apple.com
suconfig.apple.com
xp-cdn.apple.com

Clients of macOS content caching must be able to connect to the following hosts.
Hosts
lcdn-locator.apple.com
serverstatus.apple.com

Apple Developer
Access to the following hosts is required for app notarization and app validation.
App notarization
Starting with macOS 10.14.5, software is checked for notarization before it will run. In order for this check to succeed, a Mac must be able to access the same hosts listed in the Ensure Your Build Server Has Network Access section of Customizing the Notarization Workflow.
Hosts
17.248.128.0/18
17.250.64.0/18
17.248.192.0/19

App validation
Hosts
*.appattest.apple.com

Feedback Assistant
Feedback Assistant is an app used by developers and members of the beta software programs to report feedback to Apple. It uses the following hosts:
Hosts
bpapi.apple.com
cssubmissions.apple.com
fba.apple.com

Apple diagnostics
Apple devices might access the following host in order to perform diagnostics used to detect a possible hardware issue.
Hosts
diagassets.apple.com

Domain Name System resolution
In order to use encrypted Domain Name System (DNS) resolution in iOS 14, tvOS 14, and macOS Big Sur, the following host will be contacted.
Hosts
doh.dns.apple.com

Certificate validation
Apple devices must be able to connect to the following hosts to validate digital certificates used by the hosts in this article.
Hosts
certs.apple.com
crl.apple.com
crl.entrust.net
crl3.digicert.com
crl4.digicert.com
ocsp.apple.com
ocsp.digicert.cn
ocsp.digicert.com
ocsp.entrust.net
ocsp2.apple.com
valid.apple.com

Apple ID
Apple devices must be able to connect to the following hosts in order to authenticate an Apple ID. This is required for all services that use an Apple ID, such as iCloud, app installation, and Xcode.
Hosts
appleid.apple.com
appleid.cdn-apple.com
idmsa.apple.com
gsa.apple.com

iCloud
In addition to the Apple ID hosts listed above, Apple devices must be able to connect to hosts in the following domains to use iCloud services.
Hosts
*.apple-cloudkit.com
*.apple-livephotoskit.com
*.apzones.com
*.cdn-apple.com
*.gc.apple.com
*.icloud.com
*.icloud.com.cn
*.icloud.apple.com
*.icloud-content.com
*.iwork.apple.com
mask.icloud.com
mask-h2.icloud.com
mask-api.icloud.com

Additional content
Apple devices must be able to connect to the following hosts to download additional content. Some additional content might also be hosted on third-party content distribution networks.
Hosts
audiocontentdownload.apple.com
devimages-cdn.apple.com
download.developer.apple.com
playgrounds-assets-cdn.apple.com
playgrounds-cdn.apple.com
sylvan.apple.com